in merge with source:  full
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
in merge with source:  left
in merge with source:  right
[
  1,  2,   3,   5,   6,
  9, 32, 427, 499, 832
]
